# Research notes

Possibly relevant factors:

The particular version of the mdimporters installed, whether from
Apple, or Microsoft.

Perhaps new ones are installed with some updates of Microsoft Office?

Perhaps the precise time stamp of one or more of the mdimporter
executable files?  So perhaps running 'touch' on some file, with admin
privileges, might change which importer is run on a file?

Whether a file has a '.doc' or '.docx' suffix?

Some other attributes associated with the documents by OS X?

How exactly does mdimport decide which mdimporter to run on a file?

When is mdimport run again on a document?

When it is opened in Microsoft Word, even if you do not save it?  How
could one determine this by experiment?  Is running of mdimport
recorded in any system log?

When it is saved in Microsoft Word?


# Details

My wife has a Mac laptop, and has sometimes noticed that when opening
a new window in Finder, clicking in the "Search" text box near the top
right of the Finder window, and entering a word, will often cause a
list of documents to appear in the file list, where she knows that
some documents she has stored on her computer's internal hard drive do
not appear in the list of results.  Very frustrating.

Is there a way to make searching for files on a Mac work better than
this?

In particular, she has many documents created using Microsoft Word,
and some of them go back to the late 1990s or so, originally created
with Microsoft Office 1997 on a Windows machine.  Those files have a
file name suffix `.doc`.  Some more recent files created using a Mac
version of Microsoft office probably also have a `.doc` suffix, and
she also has Microsoft Office for Mac 2011 installed on her laptop (we
haven't yet had a strong motivation for updating that to the 2016
version).

Andy's laptop:

MacBook Pro (Retina, 15-inch, Mid 2015) running macOS Sierra version
10.12.6, with all of the latest updates as of June 14, 2018 _except_
Security Update 2018-003 10.12.6, which I just haven't gotten around
to backing up my system before installing that update yet.

Tonya's laptop:

MacBook Air (circa 2011) running TBD.
